chore(docs): Add ability to configure body parsing in Gatsby Functions (#35569)
gatsbyjs/gatsby: docs/docs/reference/functions/middleware-and-helpers.md

## Custom body parsing

Generally useful for file upload support or raw bodies.

> Each function can export an object named `config`. This object will allow you to control the `body-parser` middleware used by Gatsby Functions. The `limit` property will allow configuration of payload size up to **_32mb_**.

Reviewer: Is there an API reference we can link to for `body-parser`? The examples don't make it clear if this is all the options one have

### Examples

```js
// raw body (string)
export const config = {
  bodyParser: {
    text: {
      type: "*/*",
    },
  },
}
```

```js
// raw body (buffer)
export const config = {
  bodyParser: {
    raw: {

>       type: "*/*",

Reviewer 2: what does the `type` mean?

Author: type is body-parser's name for content-type. I will add more documentation for the options.

Reviewer 2: Could we use `contentType` and default to all? This doesn't seem like something most people will care about.

Author: It has a default and isn't required. this example explains how to get the raw text from a request.

Reviewer 3: > Could we use contentType and default to all? This doesn't seem like something most people will care about.

All `body-parser` middlewares (by default) try to target specific (content)type:
 - `.raw()` -> `application/octet-stream`
 - `.text()` -> `text/plain`
 - `.json()` -> `application/json`
 - `.urlencoded()` -> `application/x-www-form-urlencoded`

So the resulting `req.body` is represented by appropiate type.

This works well enough for most cases, but sometimes users do need access to "raw buffer" (despite technically response being for example `application/json`) to verify signatures on the funciton handler side (verify that request is valid and is actually produced by 3rd party system - for example Stripe - see Node.js example in https://stripe.com/docs/webhooks/signatures#verify-official-libraries, where they set `.raw()` middleware for `application/json`) which won't work with our defaults

## Custom body parsing

Generally useful for file upload support or raw bodies.

Each function can export an object named `config`. This object will allow you to control the `body-parser` middleware used by Gatsby Functions. The `limit` property will allow configuration of payload size up to **_32mb_**.

```js
 // Config object
 {
   bodyParser: {
     json: {},
     raw: {},
     text: {},
     urlencoded: {}
   }
 }
```

> The properties of bodyParser currently allow for two configurable options: `limit` and `type`, which are documented by

Reviewer 4: A super nitpick... What do you think of this? It might be a little confusing to go to those docs and see all the other options. Making it clear that we only support the two right now is key.

```suggestion
Gatsby currently supports the `limit` and `type` options for the `bodyParser` configuration, which are documented by
```

## Custom body parsing

Generally useful for file upload support or raw bodies.

Each function can export an object named `config`. This object will allow you to control the `body-parser` middleware used by Gatsby Functions. The `limit` property will allow configuration of payload size up to **_32mb_**.

```js
 // Config object
 {
   bodyParser: {
     json: {},
     raw: {},
     text: {},
     urlencoded: {}
   }
 }
```

Gatsby currently supports the `limit` and `type` options for the `bodyParser` configuration, which are documented by
[body-parser](https://expressjs.com/en/resources/middleware/body-parser.html)

### Examples

```js
// raw body (string)
export const config = {
  bodyParser: {
    text: {
      type: "*/*",
    },
  },
}
```

```js
// raw body (buffer)
export const config = {
  bodyParser: {
    raw: {
      type: "*/*",
    },
  },
}
```

```js
// limit payload to 10kb
export const config = {
  bodyParser: {
    json: {
      limit: "10kb",
    },
  },
}
```

```js
// disable bodyParser
export const config = {
  bodyParser: false,
  },
}

> ```

Reviewer 3: Let's remove this since this is not implemented actually yet

```ts
// TypeScript

> export const config: GatsbyFunctionConfig = { 

Reviewer: You'll want to add the import for the type, otherwise people don't know where to get this type from
